Adding envar to databox and prod - readmechanges (#26)
timeoutdigital/envars: README.md

```

At runtime the value of `MY_SPECIAL_VAR` will be replaced with the value from parameter store

Adding a new secret environment variable to databox and production
---------------------------------------------
You may want to add a new enviroment variable to your databox for testing and then commit this to production when ready merging.

To do this:\
1. Navigate to the beetle folder
2. Run ```envars add VAR_NAME=value -s```
3. One the above line is ran, the terminal will print the secret to the variable like below:

```
default: !secret |-
      AQICAHiOrkzo4U0Qe3l3gBab8dyFfpnlamupaQ8EuHEULsA6uwGWjI8fnd7xt
```

> 4. Copy and paste this into the envars.yml file and include it in your PR.

Reviewer: the `envars` command add the new var to the file automatically, no copy and paste required

> 5. For the new variable to be added in your databox, restart your containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. For the new variable to be added in your databox, restart your containers.
```
beetle $ invoke restart
```
```

To do this:\
1. Navigate to the beetle folder
2. Run ```envars add VAR_NAME=value -s```

> 3. One the above line is ran, the new enviroment variable will be added to the envars.yml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the above command is run, the new environment variable will be added to the envars.yml file.
```
